
Contact Customer Care
View Privacy Statement
Unsubscribe

This email advertisement was sent to: sofia.huang@aol.com.

Learn about email security or report suspicious email at americanexpress.com/phishing. Please do not reply to this email as we do not accept messages to this email address. If you need to contact us, you may do so via Customer Care.

View Money Services Business Disclosure for information about addressing complaints regarding our money services business, lists of our money services business licenses and other disclosures.

Gift Cards, eGift Cards, Business Gift Cards, and Business eGift Cards (“Gift Cards”) may be used at US merchants that accept American Express® Cards. However, Gift Cards may not be used at ATMs or for Recurring Billing. Additional limitations may apply. See applicable Cardholder Agreement.

Offers valid with promotion code at checkout until advertised expiration date. Offers cannot be combined. Offers are only valid on AmexGiftCard.com. Purchase Fees or Shipping Charges may apply subject to terms of the offer. Read specific offer for complete details. Please note that a promotion code provided in connection with a particular offer on AmexGiftCard.com is intended only for use by the recipient of the offer and is not valid on Gift Card purchases made through any third party sites.

Only credit, charge, and debit cards as well as fully registered and approved general purpose reloadable cards may be used to make purchases on the site. Single load cards (e.g. gift cards) may not be used. Gift Cards are not available for sale to HI residents. American Express does not accept payment methods with addresses from the state of HI for Gift Cards.

For questions about Gift Cards, please visit our Frequently Asked Questions.

Gift Cards are issued by American Express Prepaid Card Management Corporation. PCMC is licensed as a Money Transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services. NMLS ID# 913823. For customer service, write American Express Gift Card Customer Care, PO Box 826, Fortson GA 31808.

®2022 American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. All rights reserved.
