
edX Logo
Courses   /   Programs   /   My Account
 
Ready for your next career milestone? Our top partners can help.
 
A recent study1 confirmed the current rise of alternative credentials. It revealed that 45% of U.S. employees have some form of alternative credential such as a certificate program. Further to this, 49% of those who do not have an alternative credential yet are considering earning one. 

What is the key takeaway? It’s time to skill up and when it comes to choosing your program, quality matters. That’s why it’s so important to earn credentials from respected universities and companies who hold themselves to the highest standards. This will set you apart in competitive job markets. Read on to meet some of our top partners.
 
Boot Camps
 
Build critical, in-demand skills in fields — like coding, cybersecurity and data analytics — and learn how to showcase your achievements to employers.
 
Columbia Engineering
 
Coding Boot Camp
 
Gain in-demand web development skills.
 
The University of Texas at Austin
 
The Product Management Boot Camp
 
Create and implement new products.

Georgia Tech
 
Cyber and Network Security Boot Camp
 
Protect your organization's information.
 
UC Berkeley Extension
 
Data Analytics Boot Camp
 
Learn data analytics online.

University of Central Florida
 
UX/UI Boot Camp
 
Create effective user-centric experiences.

University of Minnesota
 
Digital Marketing Boot Camp
 
Learn the fundamentals of digital marketing.

Executive Education
Courses
 
Embrace a global perspective and develop new areas of expertise with courses from Oxford Saïd, MIT Sloan School of Management and more, delivered by GetSmarter.

LSE
 
Public Policy Analysis
 
Learn to apply theoretical and practical tools to solve public policy challenges.

MIT Sloan School of Management
 
Data Monetization Strategy: Creating Value Through Data
 
Make data a primary component of your business strategy.

CISL
 
Business and Climate Change: Towards Net Zero Emissions
 
Explore the business risks and opportunities of climate change.

Oxford Saïd
 
Oxford Algorithmic Trading Programme
 
Develop the expertise to implement your own algorithmic trading strategies.
 
Yale SOM Executive Education
 
Accelerated Management Program
 
Gain insights and tools for managing the key aspects of your business.

HarvardX
 
Higher Education Teaching Certificate
 
Refine your teaching practice and embrace updated methods.

Weekly
course features
 
Exercising Leadership: Foundational Principles
Exercising Leadership: Foundational Principles
HarvardX
Enroll now
 
Foundations of Finance
Foundations of Finance
UniversityofCambridge
Enroll now
 
Circuits and Electronics 1: Basic Circuit Analysis
Circuits and Electronics 1: Basic Circuit Analysis
MITx
Enroll now
 
From Poverty to Prosperity: Understanding Economic Development
From Poverty to Prosperity: Understanding Economic Development
OxfordX
Enroll now
 
Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)
Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)
MichiganX
Enroll now

Professional Certificate
Programs
 
Prepare for your next career opportunity by earning a certificate from leading partners like IBM, Wharton and BerkeleyX.

HarvardX
 
Data Science
 
Gain the critical skills needed to become a data scientist.

GTx
 
Introduction to Python Programming
 
Learn the fundamentals of computer science in Python 3.

PennX
 
Strategic Management
 
Enhance your leadership skills.

IBM
 
Python Data Science
 
Launch your career in data science with hands-on Python skills.

UMD / USMx
 
Product Management
 
Lead the product life cycle from discovery to delivery.

BerkeleyX
 
Blockchain Fundamentals
 
Harness the power of blockchain and cryptocurrencies.	
 
Why one visually impaired
learner keeps choosing edX
 
Ronak Tejas Shah is the definition of a lifelong learner. He’s also legally blind — but that’s never stopped him from pursuing his goals. Time and time again, he’s turned to edX for transformative, accessible online education opportunities.
 
Read more
 
Additional
course features
 
A Hands-on Introduction to Engineering Simulations
A Hands-on Introduction to Engineering Simulations
CornellX
Enroll now
 
DNA: Biology’s Genetic Code
DNA: Biology’s Genetic Code
RICEx
Enroll now
 
Understanding Classroom Interaction
Understanding Classroom Interaction
PennX
Enroll now
 
English for Journalists, Part 1
English for Journalists, Part 1
BerkeleyX
Enroll now
 
Comparative Equality and Anti-Discrimination Law
Comparative Equality and Anti-Discrimination Law
StanfordOnline
Enroll now
 
1The Society of Human Resource Managers. (April 2022). The Rise of Alternative Credentials in Hiring. Retrieved 12/8/22.
		
edX is the trusted platform for education and learning.

edX For Business — eLearning Solutions for Your Company

© 2022 edX LLC All rights reserved.

Update Your Preferences / Unsubscribe

7900 Harkins Road, Lanham, MD 20706
 
